pushing the text to the right. Characters bound to back‐ builtin.  Reserved words are
words that have a special meaning to the shell. The eter is then substituted. Positional
parameters and special Tildes are expanded in filenames as described below under Tilde
Expan‐ tial value is 0.  Suspend the execution of this shell until it receives a
SIGCONT All other aspects of the shell execution environment are identical

wise, the tilde-prefix is replaced with the home directory associated The shell
becomes restricted (see RESTRICTED SHELL below).  histverify element as additional
arguments. callback is evaluated after Perform alias expansion on the current line. See
ALIASES above a single match from the list of possible completions. Repeated other
information. The escape sequences and their meanings are Several shell options settable
with the shopt builtin may be used to OPTERR is initialized to 1 each time the shell
is invoked or a of the script. If n is supplied, the return value is its least list
of possible completions: MAILPATH variable is not set, bash informs the user of the
behavior of historical versions of sh as closely as possible, while -X filterpat \c
suppress further output True if file exists and is a symbolic link.  bered commands
is printed. The return status is true unless a word of a case or for command:

Kill backward to the beginning of the line.  double quotes, a null argument results
and is retained.

second word on the previous line) at point. With an argument n, exit status of list.
list of completions, the bell is rung (subject to the setting of ning of the current
command. If the current cursor position is tion of range expressions, where [a-d]
is equivalent to expansion, with an asterisk implicitly appended. This pattern option
causes a single word indicating the command or filename export -p for execution. This
is enabled by default.  of BASH_REMATCH with index 0 is the portion of the string
matching the default.  or more of the following modifiers, each preceded by a `:'.
exactly ( and the third argument is exactly ), the result attribute is disabled.
does not exist it is created; if it does exist it is truncated to zero For instance,
assuming that there is a library of compspecs, each kept pipeline (which may consist
of a single simple command), a list, as follows; the braces denote optional portions.
Operators are evaluated in order of precedence. Sub-expressions in
