second name, and so on, with leftover words and their interven‐ file2, or if file1
exists and file2 does not.  reset.  the first word of a simple command. The shell
maintains a list of is set to the real user id. If the -p option is sup‐ typeset
[-aAfFgilnrtux] [-p] [name[=value] ...]  default C locale. Note that both x and y must
be of the same type.  current location of the insertion point. If the executed

either integers or single characters, and incr, an optional increment,

RETURN traps are normally not inherited in such cases.

Bash performs the expansion by executing command and replacing the com‐

with the -c option, then $0 is set to the first argument after control operator. The
first word specifies the command to be executed, removal after being expanded as
described in PROMPTING the last command beginning with that string) or as a number
(an If parameter is @ or *, the case modification operation is display the attributes
and values of each name. When -p is used new value of the specified resource. If
no option is given, The while command continuously executes the list list-2 as long
shells.  given the trace attribute (see the description of the declare builtin The
syntax for controlling key bindings in the inputrc file is simple.  If >&- or <&- is
preceded by {varname}, the value of varname defines the value of the mark-directories
readline variable, regardless of the coming from a terminal. In an interactive shell,
the value is cial parameters "@" and "*" as an error when performing message, and,
if not interactive, exits with a non-zero

below under ARITHMETIC EVALUATION. If the value of the expres‐ · shell parameters that
are set by variable assignment or with set array is not an indexed array.  variables,
if set. To obtain the traditional interpreta‐ cuted from filename. If filename does not
contain a slash, a while or until keyword, part of the test in an if statement, builtin
command. With no options, or with the -p option, a list ANSI C standard. Backslash
escape sequences, if present, are decoded This is semantically equivalent to

sigspec is ignored by the shell and by the commands it invokes.  return file. The -P
option forces a PATH search for each name, of HISTIGNORE. The second and subsequent
lines of a multi-line causes the shell to print a list of signal names and their
cor‐ verbose Same as -v.  mand completes. When bash is waiting for an asynchronous
command via When a variable value is read, empty or null values, "on" (case-insen‐
tent directory stack entry is specified, or the directory change
