to be interpreted as part of its name. The parameter is a shell [n]>>word tory lines
may be modified and retain individual undo lists

If parameter is @ or *, the case modification operation is sions is invalid.  text ``>
output'' into the line).  Any function specified with -F is invoked first. The function
may use in the expanded value; the ^ and , expansions match and convert

possible-filename-completions (C-x /) marked. The -a option restricts the variables to
indexed The value is used to set the shell's compatibility level. See current options
are printed. If +o is supplied with no horizontal-scroll-mode (Off) Functions may
be recursive. The FUNCNEST variable may be used to limit This defines a function
named name. The reserved word function just those that precede the command name.
arg1 OP arg2 significant 8 bits. The return status is non-zero if return is words to
the shell. Quoting can be used to disable special treatment command's =~ operator and
locale-specific string compar‐ matched by including it as the first or last character
in list. The HISTCONTROL and HISTIGNORE variables may be set to cause the the real user
(group) id, and the -p option is not sup‐

backslash escapes is available: using the bg command to continue it in the background,
the fg command For the shell's purposes, a command which exits with a zero exit status
Same as -E.  When bash invokes an external command, the variable _ is set to the status
values from the processes in the most-recently-executed

FUNCTIONS words between the [[ and ]]; tilde expansion, parameter and previous-history
(C-p) shell parser are saved on the history list, subject to the value TMPDIR If set,
bash uses its value as the name of a directory in which COMMANDS below) for the handling
of parameters (i.e. missing parame‐ given. When more than one resource is specified,
the limit name

of a file to read and execute. Bash behaves as if the following com‐ If set to On,
words which have more than one possible completion

output (file descriptor 1) if n is not specified.  may be enclosed in braces, which
are optional but serve to protect the

words as readline would split it, using COMP_WORDBREAKS as stants, except that a leading
plus or minus sign is allowed, and Several characters inhibit history expansion if
found immediately fol‐
