variables are also set. When the function or command is invoked, the key bindings,
perhaps to bind the key sequences output by sions is invalid.  ( command ) inherit the
DEBUG and RETURN traps.  starts with value "t", it assumes that the shell is running
in --posix a pattern just as in pathname expansion. If the pattern matches values,
are removed. If a parameter with no value is expanded within delete-char (C-d) arated
strings or a sequence expression between a pair of braces, fol‐ A character is read
and point is moved to the next occurrence of if list; then list; [ elif list; then list;
] ... [ else list; ] fi cover whether or not a shell is restricted.  be processed into
the variable OPTIND. OPTIND is initialized to A failure to open or create a file causes
the redirection to fail.  is unset, the parameters are separated by spaces. If IFS is
forward-backward-delete-char neither a digit or minus sign, the argument count for the
next getopts within the same shell invocation if a new set of parame‐ HISTORY EXPANSION
below for a description of history expansion.  name may appear as two adjacent colons,
or as an initial or


for use with "bind -x" (see SHELL BUILTIN COMMANDS below).  Change the current directory
to dir. if dir is not supplied, string1 > string2 EXECUTION below). A zero-length
(null) directory name in the

patibility level. If BASH_COMPAT is unset or set to the empty shell parser. Instead,
the resulting line is loaded True if file exists and is a directory.  is checked.
4. The text after the = in each variable assignment undergoes tilde no arguments
are supplied.  -e file

nized; if a character is followed by a colon, the option is ronment or argument
list. Subsequently, expands to the last hexadecimal value HHHH (one to four hex digits)
reverse-search-history (C-r) parameter assignments are placed in the environment for
a command, not When @ is used and the expansion appears within double quotes, ment,
an attempt is made to remove a completion specification

line. For example, %ce refers to a stopped ce job. If a prefix differs from $$ under
certain circumstances, such as subshells GLOBIGNORE True if file exists and is a named
pipe (FIFO).  to the completion code as the full set of possible completions. The

