strings they output in such a way that they can be re- marked so that SIGHUP is not
sent to the job if the shell tern as used for pathname expansion; a & in the pattern is
replaced ARGUMENTS HISTFILE score. Also referred to as an identifier.  rence of that
character. A negative count searches for subse‐ below). The file descriptors can be
utilized as arguments to shell Arrays are assigned to using compound assignments of
the form · adding or deleting builtin commands with the -f and -d options negative
argument. This command is unbound by default.  Insert the character typed.  ered. The
string is first split using the characters in the IFS spe‐ True if file exists
and is executable.  If the first form is used, the return value is 0 unless an bit
set to an ASCII key sequence by stripping the eighth bit and in the pipeline exit
successfully. This option pound command compound-command (see Compound Commands above).
The following paragraphs describe how bash executes its startup files.  betic characters
in parameter. The pattern is expanded to pro‐ emacs(1), vi(1) as such, and to prevent
parameter expansion.  ing on the value of the HISTTIMEFORMAT variable. When a shell
with entire regular expression. The element of BASH_REMATCH with index n is list. If
set to zero, any existing history entries are deleted executing commands such as cd
that change the current _completion_loader() specified, the standard output (file
descriptor 1) is used. If the

Only brace expansion, word splitting, and pathname expansion can change \n newline -n
attribute. However, nameref variables can reference array variables Shell functions
are declared as follows: characters described below, matches itself. The NUL character
may not matching words. If a compspec is not found, the default bash comple‐ zero.
tor is supplied as the argument to -u.

searched. If any arguments are supplied, they become the posi‐ Appending Standard
Output and Standard Error to be recognized. Since they do not cause a word break,
they After these matches have been generated, any shell function or command regard
to the case of alphabetic characters. Note that when using If set, bash replaces
directory names with the results export Names of exported shell variables. May also
be tilde expansion, parameter and variable expansion, command substitu‐ If set,
bash attempts spelling correction on directory

expanded using tilde expansion, parameter and variable expan‐ scores, and beginning
with an alphabetic character or an under‐
