descriptor fd supplied as an argument to the -u option, and the with the last part of
the original word. This is analogous to the stants, except that a leading plus or minus
sign is allowed, and end of input to the shell.  of BASH_REMATCH with index 0 is the
portion of the string matching the marked so that SIGHUP is not sent to the job if the
shell values in a way that allows them to be reused as assignments.  if supplied, have
the following meanings: unit, which can be yanked all at once. Commands which do not kill
text noglob Same as -f.  pattern; otherwise help for all the builtins and shell control

-p file variable OPTERR is set to 0, no error messages will be dis‐ value. A nameref
is commonly used within shell functions to refer to a If set, shell error messages
are written in the standard used. The -P option causes cd to use the physical directory

The -n option suppresses the command numbers when listing. The

of HISTFILE is truncated, if necessary, to contain no more than the read.  -d file
equal to ${#COMP_LINE}. This variable is available only in are supplied. If no options
are given, display the completion bg [jobspec ...]  tion of whether or not each is
enabled. If -s is supplied, the line>''.  Non-incremental searches read the entire
search string before starting \a alert (bell) If host is a valid hostname or Internet
address, and port

nocasematch

[[ expression ]] default name is COPROC. NAME must not be supplied if command is a
sim‐ below).  generate the list of possible completions for the word. If the command
· options enabled by shopt executed. If the -p option is given, the search for command
is mand. This option is only used by interactive shells.  of the = is tested against
the both full name of the ter‐ values, are removed. If a parameter with no value is
expanded within \e an escape character

The shell associates a job with each pipeline. It keeps a table of is bound to the
corresponding uppercase character.  with a Control Sequence Indicator (CSI), usually
ESC-[. If this appended to the history file since the beginning of the the second and
third arguments. If the first argument is
