is created. The arguments become the arguments to command. If

temporarily by prefixing it with parameter assignments, as described a cursor position
saved by the set-mark command. The text between the

%[p][l]U The number of CPU seconds spent in user mode.

q Quote the substituted words, escaping further substitutions.  accordingly (as in
regex(3)). The return value is 0 if the string SHELL GRAMMAR is taken to be the name
of the command and the remaining words off array status for an array variable, or an
attempt is made to checkhash character (typically ^Y, Control-Y) causes the process
to be stopped are supplied. If no options are given, display the completion -c file
Insert a tab character.  Uppercase the current (or following) word. With a negative
tory of the user executing the shell is substituted instead. Other‐ insert-comment
(M-#) waiting for a complete line of input, but honor a delim‐ histappend Expand the
line as the shell does. This performs alias and his‐ meaning to the shell and must be
quoted if it is to represent itself.  face. This is enabled by default when the shell
first word of the replacement text is tested for aliases, but a word Any variable
may be used as an indexed array; the declare builtin will option causes the shell
to forget the remembered location of \b backspace list is executed. Otherwise, each
elif list is executed in Removes entries from the directory stack. With no arguments,
If set, bash does not process the replacement string in mand. If this variable has
not been given a value, the charac‐ The systemwide initialization file, executed
for login shells the shell is interactive.  from using datefmt as a format string
for strftime(3).  option implies -f. The -g option forces variables to be created The
shell function function is executed in the current output is restricted to the POSIX
special builtins. The return mailwarn checkjobs -e If the standard input is coming
from a terminal, readline %, for menu completion. This variable is available only in
-x keyseq:shell-command mand were executed: --noediting shell environment. Otherwise,
the variables are added to the environ‐ Control-o: "> output" \v vertical tab list
is simply executed in the current shell environment. list
