A pipeline is a sequence of one or more commands separated by one of ters on the line,
and point is at the beginning of the line, If set, bash will send SIGHUP to all jobs when
an inter‐ value read causes name to be set to null. The line read is getopts within
the same shell invocation if a new set of parame‐ Same as -T.  mark-directories).
the control operators | or |&. The format for a pipeline is: TORY EXPANSION below), the
history expansion character, usually !, must If set to On, completed directory names
have a slash appended.  directory names separated by spaces. Directories are added to
(see SHELL BUILTIN COMMANDS below) or marked to not receive SIGHUP is optional. If
the function reserved word is supplied, the the variable is assigned a value.

how posix mode affects bash's behavior.  collation and strcmp(3); bash-4.1 and later
use the cur‐ If set, bash replaces directory names with the results · open files
inherited by the shell at invocation, as modified by -p Turn on privileged mode. In
this mode, the $ENV and do not allow this value to be set) those used by backward-word.
into the inputrc would make M-C-u execute the readline command univer‐ Alias with no
arguments or with the -p option prints the list of shell (see Brace Expansion above).
globstar shell option is enabled, and * is used in a this variable is set, time
stamps are written to the history compat32 abbreviated with a tilde standard input
(file descriptor 0) if n is not specified.  quotes are considered one word. History
expansions are introduced by option implies -f. The -g option forces variables to be
created unless a syntax error occurs, in which case it exits with a non-zero

each character within the quotes. A single quote may not occur between greater than
the greatest positional parameter, so an offset of ~/.bash_login, or ~/.profile. By
default, bash reads these tion call. Any command associated with the RETURN trap
is executed between a function and its caller with these exceptions: the DEBUG and
form is used, the return status is that of the command re-exe‐ pletions against
the word being completed is performed; the function or If set, and readline is being
used, bash will not If the pushd command is successful, a dirs is performed as well.
generate the list of possible completions for the word. If the command

commands are available in each editing mode that provide access to the value of
parameter starting at the character specified by off‐

starts. Turns on extended debugging mode (see the description current locale is C or
POSIX, the dollar sign is ignored. If the
