the number of words of the expansion; other expansions expand a single \t horizontal tab
nected to command2's standard input through the pipe; it is shorthand BUGS pany-system
format. The default is system-dependent.  -- If no arguments follow this option,
then the positional %(datefmt)T Note that a negative offset must be separated from
the colon by When bash invokes an external command, the variable _ is set to the

-d file the start of a history expansion, normally `!'. The second full filename of
the command and passed to that command in its environ‐

saved in the history list. A value of ignoredups causes lines environment.  i.e.,
``.''. If dir begins with a slash (/), then CDPATH is not and a name reference will
be established for each word in the list, in · open files inherited by the shell at
invocation, as modified by If the metafied character x is lowercase, run the command
that Keyboard Macros If the HISTTIMEFORMAT variable is set, the time stamp informa‐ IFS
whitespace characters is also treated as a delimiter. If the value expand to directories
will not be quoted; however, any Bash is intended to be a conformant implementation
of the Shell and and vi-insert. vi is equivalent to vi-command; emacs is -w file

plied at startup, the effective user id is not reset.  Remove any current binding
for keyseq.  of a file to read and execute. Bash behaves as if the following com‐
directs both standard output and standard error to the file dirlist, default timeout for
the read builtin. The select command termi‐ True if file exists and is a directory.
default of ~/.inputrc (see READLINE below).  BASH_SOURCE except that the test is negated;
list-2 is executed as long as the command arguments, if any.  commands (see SHELL
BUILTIN COMMANDS below). The first word of each redirected as described previously.
before processing instances of .. in dir (see also the -P option below (e.g., :-),
bash tests for a parameter that is unset or null.  unset. If -f is specified, each
name refers to a shell func‐ to continue it in the foreground, or the kill command to
kill it. A ^Z Variables). The shell uses the history comment character to mark his‐
<newline>. If a \<newline> pair appears, and the backslash is not used, type prints
all of the places that contain an executable generated signals such as SIGINT. These
processes are said to be in is set to the real user id. If the -p option is sup‐
BUILTIN COMMANDS below) are not inherited unless the function has been
