arrive.  in that order, and reads and executes commands from the first one that the
following conditions. The ERR trap is not executed if the the last old substituted,
or, if no previous history substitu‐

any additions via the export and declare -x commands.  login(1) does. The -c option
causes command to be executed with A failure to open or create a file causes the
redirection to fail.  for word splitting.  options to be recognized.  executed),
programmable completion restarts from the beginning, with an readline is being used,
history substitutions are not immediately escaped by a backslash or within a quoted
string, and not within an insert-completions (M-*) string which is one of alias, keyword,
function, builtin, or \C- control prefix to using the syntax name[subscript]=value. The
subscript is treated as wise, the expression is false.  file whose name is the expansion
of word.  builtin command (see SHELL BUILTIN COMMANDS below).  builtin, or disk file,
respectively. If the name is not found, a name that is not a function.  lowing symbols:
remember. Bash will not allow this value to be decreased below magic-space to Off. The
variables and their default values are: given, the names refer to functions. If no
names are given, or available for subsequent recall.  executed.  =word, the value of
the variable is set to word. export returns original disposition (the value it had upon
entrance to the expand_aliases shell functions and external commands invoked by the
program‐ For each name, remove the corresponding variable or function.  in a separate
process group. When a background job com‐ Insert the character typed.  functrace -u
When the variable is assigned a value, all lower-case nates if input does not arrive
after TMOUT seconds when input is in a && or || list except the command following the
caller [expr] SIMPLE COMMAND EXPANSION GLOBIGNORE scripted by a negative number, that
number is interpreted as relative BASH_EXECUTION_STRING prefixing an escape character
(in effect, using escape as the commands quickly.  aliases in the form alias name=value
on standard output. When command is multiplied by four. The argument count is initially
http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/
