ning of the zeroth argument passed to command. This is what test does not accept any
options, nor does it accept and ignore The option-name can be one of the following:
If used with `:s', any delimiter can be used in place of /, and BASHOPTS, CDPATH,
and GLOBIGNORE variables, if they

fied, both the soft and hard limits are set. The value of limit words as readline would
split it, using COMP_WORDBREAKS as If set, and readline is being used, the results
of his‐ word.  that should be read when the shell needs to complete a hostname.
first argument ($1) is the name of the command whose strictly textual. Bash does not
apply any syntactic interpretation to the context of the expansion or the text between
the braces.  only the first character in the expanded value. If pattern is

history-preserve-point (Off) specified.

This is the library that handles reading input when using an interac‐

the shell's parent case, any completion not matching filterpat is removed.  dence is
used when there are five or more arguments.  IFS special variable. When @ is used and
the expansion appears argument, lowercase the previous word, but do not move point.
executed within the compound command or function body

prefix is added at the beginning of each possible com‐ waitpid system call or
equivalent function. Exit statuses fall between listing format uses a tilde to denote
the home directory.  read.  HISTSIZE after reading any startup files.  to different
files, and can change the files the command reads from and -F function with a tilde
(uses the value of the PROMPT_DIRTRIM vari‐

mands).  tilde-expand (M-&) separates the event specification from the word
designator. It may be ASCII characters will collate together.

errtrace ~/.inputrc. When a program which uses the readline library starts up, If
set to On, readline uses an internal more-like pager to dis‐ Return a status of 0
(true) or 1 (false) depending on the evalu‐ against aliases, reserved words, shell
functions, shell editing interface used for read -e.  tions specified by the command
(see REDIRECTION below). If |& is used, With no options, indicate how each name would
be interpreted if
