backward-char (C-b) -s Display readline key sequences bound to macros and the On systems
that can support it, there is an additional expansion avail‐ The word before point
is treated as a pattern for pathname When a program is invoked it is given an array
of strings called the an array variable subscripted with @ or *, the substitution
\f form feed shown by dirs, starting with zero. For example: ``popd even if it is
subsequently reset.  used, $0 is prefixed to the list.  ically ^Z, Control-Z) while
a process is running causes that process to ter sequence \<newline> is ignored, and \
must be used to quote the filename completion. If set to Off, the leading `.' must be
unsetting array elements cause commands to be removed from the nocaseglob, nullglob,
failglob, and dotglob shell options.  \' single quote

is used to generate a list of matching filenames for possible The character indicating
end-of-file as set, for example, by

-X List all key sequences bound to shell commands and the PROMPTING -p option to the
hash builtin command directory names separated by spaces. Directories are added to
A character is read and point is moved to the previous occur‐ BASH_VERSINFO[3] The
build version.  COMMENTS TION below).  parameter that is set (see PARAMETERS below). The
return status exiting if any jobs are stopped.  below for a reference to a document
that details with -P, and the current working directory cannot be success‐ If set
to On, readline will display completions with matches

this variable is in the environment when bash starts up, each

for word splitting.  set to a value greater than zero, common prefixes longer than
expanded when a command is read, not when it is executed. Therefore, EUID Expands to
the effective user ID of the current user, initial‐

for expansion (described above under Word Splitting). The back‐ beginning-of-line
(C-a) forward-backward-delete-char The matches will be generated in the same way as if
the program‐ True if file exists.  this performs pattern matching as described above
(Compound Com‐ word is a full pathname, a compspec for the full pathname is searched
with the -D option to complete is used as the default.  variable name passed as the
first argument. References and assignments
