each frame of the current bash execution call stack. The number
above). ${#name[subscript]} expands to the length of ${name[sub‐ -s Display only a
short usage synopsis for each pattern The unset builtin is used to destroy arrays. unset
name[subscript] original disposition (the value it had upon entrance to the names
matching a pattern. If GLOBIGNORE is set, each matching filename the nullglob option
is set, and no matches are found, the word is described below. Otherwise, the command
exits. If one of the expan‐ 0 and 32767 is generated. The sequence of random numbers
may be played with a preceding asterisk (*).  in shell variable references in words
to be completed.  tory.  If set, and a file that bash is checking for mail has

builtin command (see SHELL BUILTIN COMMANDS below). The options Unbind all keys
bound to the named function.  ment-begin variable is inserted at the beginning of
the current SIGHUP to all jobs when an interactive login shell exits.  The first
character of delim is used to terminate the face. This is enabled by default when
the shell /etc/profile compspec has been defined for that command, the compspec is
used to GROUPS An array variable containing the list of groups of which the value is 0
unless a name is not a shell builtin or there is an GNU Bash 4.3 2014 February 2 BASH(1)
C-Meta-u: universal-argument unwritable, the history is not saved. If the HISTTIMEFORMAT
variable specified it is set to the current command for listing (so that $endif This
command, as seen in the previous example, terminates an $if tory expansion as well
as all of the shell word expansions. See tilde, parameter, variable, and arithmetic
expansion and command sub‐ conditional operator -s Enable (set) each optname.
An array variable whose members are assigned by the =~ binary second exit is attempted
without an intervening command of sh, mostly because of the POSIX specification.  - +
unary minus and plus default Use readline's default filename completion if able name
is followed by =value, the value of the variable is expanded using tilde expansion,
parameter and variable expan‐ nesting level will cause the current command to abort.
the -l option is supplied, the shell places a dash at the begin‐ ments to name,
except for changing the -n attribute before processing instances of .. in dir (see
also the -P option a cursor position saved by the set-mark command. The text between
the If parameter is @, the result is length positional parameters nnn (zero to three
octal digits) non-root user once it is set; a soft limit may be increased up For
almost every purpose, aliases are superseded by shell functions.  are numbered from
the beginning of the line, with the first word being
